as a city we go there we are in
study of this map is really called
how is this on another day
this is one that they put
look uncle is making me mess
is making me think for no
I can concentrate the game fuck uncle
how his shots failed
do not
more than January besides
this house here my house and my companion
come, come, come
partner
love
they are or not
we are equally
here is the low I wanted to kill you how is
that I
come on I look like a companion down
if you want down it went down
we go
my mother streak of 10 I was carrying and I went
throughout
the typical one that you see them is happening to me
just entering a house gives them some
how many bullets you do not kill he runs behind
of him and then actually with an uncle
just happened if we take an uncle is that
I had not killed uncle come worth voucher
OK
we will tie you tie teammate I'm going
without killing this rascal let's go this game
it is very close
I do not believe it, "he said.
from there we are and if it is now
same
are more attached please that liar
because he does not fool himself time after
cheating whenever they cheat us this
so wonderful game
is already shooting me and I'm still not
knows
we go
I do not even management but
now the biggest lie is happening
of this game said
I'm going to lie that he had a game
and what a lie
but it's not for pay and let's encourage
leste refilled do not understand anything if
does not want to die that man that please
do not cheat me anymore, do not cheat me
come on I promise you I'm hallucinating
all equipment I do ask 200
kilometers but you do not want to put me
something the last
look at me the local iván
I hit
we are going to paste the paste the press seems
from where I was
But I do not believe it
got to lose this game I'm going to your
house and I break your fast because the number
I think to delineate what you fail says
that are incredible more skates less bad
boy is mate I knew I knew that
I had my name you as he lost the
game in the last event is also
very close between the two, we have to say to
great great